Add instructions to update the Eclipse Compiler (ECJ) in IntelliJ (#334)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/common/partials/IntelliJUpdateEcjNote.adoc

ifndef::finaldoc[]
include::partial$_initDoc.adoc[]
endif::finaldoc[]

//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
//WARNING: this file is a text module, it should be embedded in a master asciidoctor document.
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

[NOTE]
====

> IntelliJ currently ships with an outdated version of the Eclipse Compiler for Java (ECJ), which does *not* support Java 21 or later. Scout 25.1 requires *Eclipse Compiler 3.40.0*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IntelliJ currently ships with an outdated version of the Eclipse Compiler for Java (ECJ), which does *not* support Java 21 or later. Therefore, Scout {scout-version} requires *Eclipse Compiler 3.40.0*.
```
